Instructor: Now that we understand,
what we mean by a backdoor,
a payload, the naming convention, and so on,
in this lecture, we're gonna use all of this knowledge
in order to create a backdoor
that can be used to remotely hack
and control Windows computers.
So as mentioned previously,
the tool that we're gonna be using is called msfvenom,
and it's always a good idea to do --help,
the first time that you use a tool
in order to see all of the options
and arguments that you can use with it.
So as you can see, this gives us a list
of everything that we can do.
And straight away we can see the first option is the -l
or --list option, which is what we used previously
to list all of the payloads available in this tool.
So I'm actually gonna split the screen
and we're just gonna run it quickly.
We're gonna do msfvenom --list payloads
in order to get a list of all of the payloads
that we can use.
And we saw previously
that we got a really big list of payloads.
So once you find the payload that you like
and that you'd want to use,
we can go ahead and if we look at the help menu,
and here you'll see
that we can select the payload
using the -p or --payload option.
So I'm gonna go ahead and do msfvenom again,
and I'm gonna do --payload to select the payload
that I want to use inside of my backdoor.
And the payload that I'm gonna wanna use
is a windows payload.
So the platform is Windows,
and the type is meterpreter payload.
So this is the type of payloads
that I said in the previous lecture
that is specifically designed by the Meta Exploit team.
It runs in memory, it encrypts its communication
between the backdoor and the target.
And it has so many modules and so many options.
And you're gonna see how useful it is
as we go through the course.
And finally, as we know,
the last part is the communication method.
So we're gonna use a reverse payload
because as mentioned in the previous lecture,
reverse payloads connect from the target computer to us,
allowing us to bypass firewalls
and many security measurements.
And the last part, we're gonna set it
to use the HTTPS protocol, again,
so that the traffic looks less suspicious
and looks similar to a normal traffic
that the target would create
when they load normal websites over HTTPS.
So now that we selected the payload,
we can actually do --list-options to see the options
that we can set for this payload
so we can instruct it how it should work.
So we're gonna go ahead in here
and do --list-options.
We're gonna hit Enter,
and as you can see, we get a big list
of all the potential options that we can use,
along with the description of this option.
Now these are all the advanced options
so we're not actually gonna be setting in any of these.
They're not mandatory at all.
What we're interested in,
is the basic options that we have in here.
So as you can see, these options are required
and we can also see the description of these options.
So the LHOST specifies the local listener hostname.
So that basically means the IP of the computer
that you want to receive the connection on.
So this is this computer, our hacker computer,
and the LPORT is the port that we want to listen on.
It's this part of the diagram, it's the plug in the wall.
So it's the port that the target machine
will connect to, once the backdoor is executed.
So first we're gonna set the LHOST.
So we're gonna go back to our command
and we're gonna remove the --list-options
because we don't want to see the options anymore.
But we actually want to set the LHOST value,
which is going to be the IP of this current computer
because I want to receive connections on this computer.
So I'm gonna split this screen in here,
and I'm simply gonna run ifconfig
to get the IP of my current computer.
And as you can see,
this is the IP of this computer right now.
You might have a different IP that's completely normal,
just make sure you use the correct IP.
So it's 192.168.0.26.
Next we're gonna set the next required option.
So if we scroll up, that is the LPORT.
And like I said, this is the port
that we're going to receive the connection on.
So we're gonna follow the same syntax.
We're gonna type LPORT, which is the name of the option
that we want to set equal to the value that we want.
And the value that we want is going to be 8080.
So I'm choosing the 8080 port
because that is a common port that is used
by web servers port 80 and 8080.
And this makes perfect sense
because we are using a backdoor that's going to use HTTPS,
which is a protocol that is usually used
by web servers to serve websites over HTTPS.
And the port that we're using is 8080.
So when this backdoor gets executed on the target computer,
it's going to connect to us on port 8080.
And it's going to use the HTTPS protocol to do that.
And this is great because the target computer
will do that every time it loads a website that uses HTTPS,
which is pretty much all websites these days.
That's why the traffic is going to look very similar
to traffic that is generated
when the target computer loads normal websites.
So now that we have the basic options set,
the last thing that we need to do
is actually export this into an actual file.
And to do that, you can see here in the help menu,
we can use the -f to specify the format of the payload.
So we're gonna do --format,
and that's going to be an executable, so we're doing exe.
And finally, we can use the -o or --out
to specify the file name.
So we're gonna do --out,
followed by the file name that we want.
And I'm gonna call it rev_https_8080.exe.
And I'm just using a meaningful name here
just so that I know this is a reverse HTTPS backdoor
that uses the 8080 port.
And that's it.
Our command is done
and it's ready to be used to generate a backdoor.
But let's go through it one more time before we hit Enter.
So we're using msfvenom,
which is the tool that we're using to generate the backdoor.
We're using the --payload argument to specify the payload.
And this is the payload that we are choosing.
So it runs on Windows platforms.
The type of payload is a meterpreter payload,
and it uses reverse connection over the HTTPS protocol.
Then we're setting the basic options of this payload.
So the first option is the LHOST,
which is the IP of the computer
that will receive the connection from the target computer.
And I put my current IP
and then we specified the port
that we want to receive the connection on,
and we set that to 8080.
We're using the --format argument
to specify the format of the backdoor,
and we wanted to be an executable.
And then we're using the --out argument
to specify the output file name of the backdoor,
which is gonna be called rev_https_8080.exe.
If we hit Enter, this will take some time
and it'll generate the backdoor for us
and the current working directory.
So as you know,
if you want to get the current working directory,
you can use the pwd command
and you can see that I am currently in root.
So if I go to my File Manager,
it'll load the root directory by default.
And if we look down,
you'll see that we have my backdoor generated in here.
So next, I'm gonna show you
how to use this backdoor
in order to hack a Windows computer
and gain full remote control over it.